---
published: false
---

At Nine Labs, we love keeping up with our clients' progress and growth, because by the time we close out a project with them they tend to feel more like family than customers. We love nothing more than establishing long-term relationships with clients, relationships built on trust and mutual admiration.

One such client is Terminus Threads. You might remember the name from [a previous post.](https://ninelabs.com/notes/terminus-threads.html) This company is the real deal - it's not only creating quality merchandise, it's also a socially-responsible and extremely philanthropic organization at its core. 

An article was written recently about Terminus Threads that we feel moved to share. In the hustle and bustle of big-city business, and with a seemingly endless supply of bad news coming across the wires, it's easy to be distracted and detached, even cynical about our world. Terminus Threads is a bright light in the darkness, a wonderful reminder that there is still good stuff happening around us.

(PLEASE INSERT THE TERMINUS THREADS LOGO HERE)

> _There is in every woman's heart a spark of heavenly fire, 
which lies dormant in the broad daylight of prosperity, 
but which kindles up and beams and blazes in the dark hour of adversity._
Washington Irving

_Stacey James-Cornelius is not a stranger to adversity. Much of her personal story involves heartache and hardship, and she would be the first to confess that this journey we call life is not always easy. That being said, there’s something that should be mentioned about Stacey: she always places her bets on the underdog._

_Terminus Threads is a specialty linen manufacturer established by James-Cornelius in December of 2014. The company not only represents Stacey’s passion for the tangible rescue and rehabilitation of unwanted mercantile goods, it also represents her compassion for those who find themselves in tough situations and need a hand to help pull them out._

_Terminus (the original name given to Atlanta, GA, prior to the Civil War and the city’s widespread burning) Threads is more than a business to Stacey; it’s her heartbeat. Her idea to start the business stemmed from her child's crafty ambitions. When her daughter wanted to make pet bandanas, some friends found out and brought her an enormous load of beautiful fabric remnants. Then another. Then another._

_Stacey began investigating where the material was coming from, and quickly discovered that it had actually been destined for landfills. The thought of these beautiful pieces of fabric being seen as unusable immediately grabbed her attention, and not too long after, James-Cornelius launched what she affectionately refers to now as “Operation Remnant Rescue.”_

_Terminus Threads’ daily operations look a little something like this: Stacey frequents local fabric stores, upholstery shops, quilting markets — really, any place with fabric — and takes all of their remnants that would otherwise go to the dump. She brings them to headquarters (her dining room table) and goes to work examining each piece of fabric to see what she can use. All fabric that is a fit for T.T. is set aside; all other cloths are gathered and sent to Jacksonville, FL. No, they aren’t headed for a tropical landfill; at Terminus Threads, nothing is wasted or seen as unusable. Instead, the fabric is delivered to Rethreaded, a social entrepreneurship that is breaking the cycle of the sex trade by offering viable and creative work to those affected by the industry._

_James-Cornelius, her husband, J, and their three children work together to name the remnants (hankies, pocket squares, napkins, etc.). Once their fates have been determined, the fabrics are sent off to production in or near Atlanta, and what were once meant for trash are repurposed into beautiful pieces of art.  They’re then shipped back to headquarters, where each garment is hand-stamped with the Terminus Threads logo, then distributed to specialty shops and online retailers. Everything T.T. sells is limited edition, and is made from the same high-quality fabrics you find in high-end department stores._

_Terminus Threads’ logo is a phoenix. In Greek mythology, a phoenix is a long-lived bird that is cyclically regenerated or reborn, obtaining new life by rising from the ashes of its predecessor. What could be a more appropriate representation of the heart behind Terminus Threads? What was once considered waste now becomes someone’s treasure, and each remnant of fabric is lovingly regenerated into a lovely, one-of-a-kind keepsake._

_When all is said and done, Stacey James-Cornelius desires that Terminus Threads is more than a specialty linen shop; in fact, the linens are just a small, tangible part of a much bigger picture. She wants to help those who might feel spent, useless, even broken, to rise from the ashes and find a renewed sense of purpose and dignity. From women rebuilding their lives in Jacksonville to small-business-owner seamstresses across the southern portion of America, Stacey hopes that Terminus Threads tells a story of hope and redemption._

_Stacey's long-term goal is to be able to donate a percentage of every dollar earned to her family’s soon-to-be established foundation, benefitting families who are rebuilding after experiencing brokenness and tragedy. She is currently working toward donating regularly to the Atlanta Mission’s homeless shelters. As for James-Cornelius and her family, they find their greatest joy knowing that their business is impacting the lives of many for the better. You see, resurrecting fabric remnants is rewarding, to be sure, but helping people rebuild their lives is where true fulfillment is found._